hello this is PK and Jojo from it
continuing my blades trooper tutorial
next we're going to go to the chest
plate you need a 2 by 3 one of these
little peg things one of these little
grates and two of these pieces right
here it's a one by two with no edge then
once you got all those pieces you put
this the peg piece on the end v piece
correctly above that then you put the
young that thing right there then the
flat piece underneath it and put this
flat piece like this you get your
unfinished blaze trooper and attach it
so that it now looks like this it's
correct body now next year we'll do the
rocket launchers get this piece right
here for with three holes put two pegs
on both sides put two black cones above
it turn your tripper around and put that
on the top of the two by first and for
the jetpack and see this all you need is
this piece to these little white jars
two of those um dark blue or light blue
circles put that directly underneath
next we have the blaze trooper arm which
is very difficult to explain as best as
possible you will need a clip this piece
that attaches to the clip you can see
that one circle a one by three a great
this piece right here it's very long two
of these small circles one jar one cube
that has a hole in the middle and one of
this pieces and a 1 by 4 that does have
pegs and this little piece right here
get your 1 by 3 and start by attaching
one black peg to the end so it should
look like this and put the grade on get
your 1 by 4 i'll give you 10 seconds to
memorize this
all right I think that's enough not ten
seconds but you put this like they're so
it looks like this then you get your 1
by 4 and put this little black piece
directly under it put that like that and
then get your first piece and attach
that right underneath the second hole
then get your blaze trooper and put that
on my third video will be coming up
shortly